{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Hi Craig \
\
Hope you are well? \
\
I\'92ve been working on the coverage insight/data driven lead generation project for the last few weeks. \
This project aims to create a variety of data driven insights to be surfaced to coverage teams for new opportunities. These insights can be used to enhance client interaction - initiate conversation with clients around new banking product opportunities and client performance. [see slides for cross selling]\
\
This is a great opportunity to utilise the banks data for data monetisation which is inline with the groups strategy. \
\
This project is still at the early experimental stages and I\'92ve been working with Mark Henderson from Trading and working Capital, who has been very engaging on building proof of concept use cases. \
\
In terms of updates on the project with TWC, there are two main aspect transactional data and external data (HMRC trade data). \
\
Payment Transaction:\
Given a client, we can extract the client\'92s payment transaction (from BIW1 GPP, MassPay, FPS and BACs payment systems) with counter-party details such as name and country of counterparty bank. This allows insights from granular transaction data to identify new opportunities or allow RDs/product partners to be more proactive with clients. \
Example of use cases:\
[list example]\
\
Payments to/from China:\
The scripts used for extracting clients payment transaction was easily adapted to identify inward/outward payments from China. External data (HMRC import/export data) was incorporated in the dataset to determine if client is an importer/exporter along with the commodity code. \
Use cases\
\
\
There was a potential Issues raised yesterday on appropriate data usage with counterparty details. E.g. In the SRF example, suppose we identify a financially strong buyer with strong credit risk appetite from a specific client, can we identify all clients receiving payments from that specific counterparty. There is an action with Mark Henderson to investigate. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\sl259\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
}